---
title: "How to Solve a Problem"

categories:
    - game-dev-knowledge

tags:
    - [Problem Solving Skill]

toc: true
toc_label: "목차"
toc_sticky: true

date: 2021-11-12
---

## How to solve a problem
- The following method for solving problems comes from the experience gained through extensive math study in high school.
1. Define the problem
2. Gather data
3. Solve the problem
- The key point here is that this process is not aimed at reaching all three steps in a single attempt.
    - In other words, by repeatedly performing steps 1 and 2, you will naturally arrive at step 3 and solve the problem.
- For example, when solving a problem, if you have defined 50% of the problem, you can then use the concepts you know to gather data based on that 50% of the definition.
- Once you have gathered the data, you can redefine the problem based on this information. If, for instance, you have now defined 80% of the problem, you continue gathering more information based on this more advanced definition and redefine the problem again. By repeating this process, you will eventually be able to fully define the problem and gather all the necessary information to solve it.
- Afterward, using the information obtained and the perfectly defined problem, you can solve the problem.
- However, despite this method, not all problems can be easily solved because there is no guarantee that steps 1 and 2 will always be perfectly executed.
    - Some problems may be easy to define but lack the necessary concepts for gathering data, while other problems may be difficult to define and may also lack the necessary concepts.
- Therefore, we must continue studying, learn how to define a variety of problems, and consistently acquire the concepts that can be used to solve those defined problems.

## Divide & Conquer
- Throughout my study of programming, I've learned many concepts, and one of the most important concepts I believe is **Divide & Conquer**.
- The concept of **Divide & Conquer** is that when faced with a difficult problem, instead of trying to solve it all at once, we break it down into smaller, easier sub-problems, and solve each sub-problem one by one to eventually solve the larger problem.
- The reason this concept is useful is that the process of dividing the problem doesn't need to be done just once.
    - In other words, when dealing with a very difficult problem, we start by breaking it down into basic parts. Then, we can break down those basic parts into even smaller details, and if necessary, we can keep subdividing them. Eventually, the problem that needs to be solved becomes a much simpler, more manageable task.
    - By doing this, no matter what problem you're trying to solve, you'll always have a way to approach it, and this will significantly help you get a feel for how to solve the problem.
    - By solving these smaller sub-problems, you'll start to get a better sense of how to approach the larger problem. As you continue solving these sub-problems, you’ll gradually be able to tackle more complex ones, and eventually, you’ll be able to solve the original problem you set out to address.

## Conclusion
- In conclusion, when solving a problem, we first approach it using the **Divide & Conquer** concept, breaking it down into smaller sub-problems, and then applying the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd steps of **Problem Solving Skills** repeatedly.
- By repeating this process, we will eventually be able to solve more complex problems, and with continued repetition, we will ultimately solve the original problem we initially intended to solve.
