---
title: "Concepts Related to Game Development"

categories:
    - game-dev-knowledge

tags:
    - [Game Development]

toc: true
toc_label: "목차"
toc_sticky: true

date: 2021-10-07
---

## The First 5 Minutes
- The key to game development is how much fun the player can experience in the first 5 minutes after starting the game. This period plays a crucial role in determining whether the player will continue to play the game or not.

## Conflicting Opinions
- Even if you are a programmer or an artist, when the development team gathers for a meeting, anyone, regardless of their role, can contribute ideas related to game design.
- Conflicts of opinion often arise in such meetings.
- This happens because everyone presents their subjective opinions, and it's not common for an idea that everyone can immediately agree on to emerge.
- In this situation, the game designer's role is to gather and synthesize everyone's opinions and come to a decision that everyone can agree on.

## Fun
- No matter how functionally complete a game is, if the game isn't fun, it's almost impossible for it to gain popularity.
- Therefore, game developers must constantly reflect on what makes a game fun and continue learning the techniques required to bring that fun into the game.

## Polymorphism in Game Design
- One of the key concepts in object-oriented programming is **polymorphism**.
- Polymorphism means that even if the same method is called, the definition of the method can change depending on the object it is called on, resulting in different outcomes.
- This concept of polymorphism can also be found in game design.
- For example, when a player attempts to attack, the game might need to determine whether the attack will cause damage, what the amount of damage should be, and whether critical hits exist.
- There is no definitive answer when defining such phenomena in game design.
- This is because each game pursues a different direction, so what might be the most appropriate approach for one game may not be suitable for others.
- Even though the same phenomenon may appear, the way it is represented can vary greatly depending on the type of game being developed. Therefore, the concept of polymorphism can also be seen in game design.
- When stuck during the planning process, one good method is to refer to the design concepts of already successful games that are currently in service.

[맨 위로 이동하기](#){: .btn .btn--primary }{: .align-right}