---
title: "How to Use SVN"

categories:
    - etc

tags:
    - [etc, SVN, Version Control]

toc: true
toc_label: "목차"
toc_sticky: false
classes: wide

date: 2021-10-14
---

## What is SVN
- SVN stands for SubVersion, which is a version control tool.
- SVN allows for easy management of changes in projects where multiple people are working together.
- While Git is more commonly used nowadays, SVN is still frequently used.

## How to Download & Install
- You can download SVN from the [**official website**](https://tortoisesvn.net/downloads.html).
- During installation, make sure to install all files except for the dictionary.

## How to Use SVN
- To use SVN, you need an SVN server and an account on that server.
- In this case, we used an account provided by an existing server, but if you don't have one, you will need to create your own server and account.
  
### How to Register a Folder as a Repository on a Specific Server with a Specific Account
1. First, create a folder on your local machine that you want to use as the repository.
2. Right-click the folder → SVN Checkout → Enter the server URL → OK → Enter the account's username and password → OK → When the "checkout finished" window appears, it’s successful.

### How to Upload Files to the Server
1. Add the files you want to upload to the designated repository folder (whether by moving or copying them).
2. Right-click the file → TortoiseSVN → Add.
3. Right-click the file again → SVN Commit.
    - If you don't want to use the Add command and want to upload immediately, you can right-click the folder itself and select SVN Commit.

### How to Download Files from the Server
1. Right-click the repository folder → SVN Update.
2. The latest files will automatically download, or changes will be applied.
    - If there is a conflict while downloading (usually occurs when two people modify the same file without updating), you can resolve it by reverting to a previous version.

### How to View the Contents of the Repository
1. Right-click the repository folder → TortoiseSVN → Repo-browser.
2. This method allows you to view the repository's contents without having to update and download the entire repository. You can download specific files.
3. To download, simply drag and drop the file.



[맨 위로 이동하기](#){: .btn .btn--primary }{: .align-right}